		ADC-8 driver (version 5)

The driver program accepts the following commands (lowercase only):

*	Print the driver name and version number.

b T	Begin continuous acquisition of data for T seconds (0 means
	continue indefinitely).  After a confirmation message is
	printed, if all is well the driver sends a '+' character and
	the 16-byte structured binary header.  The header is followed
	by buffers containing the voltage data.  Acquisition can be
	stopped early by sending any data (typically a newline
	character) over the USB serial link.  If an error prevents the
	acquisition from starting properly, the driver sends an
	invalid short header and no data.

c [N]	Print the current ADC board settings.  If N is omitted or 0, uses
	free-form text.  If N is 1, uses the following computer-friendly
	fixed text format (each line contains comma-separated values):

	Line 1:
		Sampling rate (Hz, floating point)
		DAC voltage (mV)
		EnVc setting (0/1)
		Vc=0V setting (0/1)
		x4 setting (always 0)

	Lines 2-9 (eight channels even when no daughterboard is present):
		Gain (1 - 128 or 0 for disabled)
		Polarity (1/2)
		Buffering (0/1)
		Damping Rd setting (always 0)

d N	Set the DAC output voltage to N mV.  The actual bias voltage
	will be N/2 mV.

g C G P B	Set the gain and other properties for ADC channel C
	(1 - 4, or 0 to affect all the ADCs).  G is the gain (1, 8, 16,
	32, 64, 128, or 0 to disable the ADC).  P is the polarity:
	1 for unipolar (single-ended) or 2 for bipolar (differential).
	B is the buffer setting ('b' for buffered or 'u' for unbuffered).
	If B or both P and B is omitted their current settings remain
	unchanged.

r	Reset all the ADCs.

s R F	Set the sampling rate and sinc filter order for all the ADCs.
	R is the rate in samples/second (4 - 4800); the number gets
	rounded up to a value the ADC supports.  F is the sinc filter
	order (3 or 4); omit it to leave the filter order unchanged.

t	Test the active ADCs by performing a single voltage reading.

v B E	Set the Vc voltage to 0 V if B is 0, or to the Vc-bias value
	otherwise.  Disable the amplified Vc output to J7 if E is 0
	and enable it otherwise.

The driver performs an "internal" calibration (both zero and full-scale)
on each active ADC before carrying out the b and t commands.

Data transfer: The structured binary header format is as follows:

	4 bytes:	Signature string "ADC8".
	2 bytes:	Rate_divisor (little-endian).  The actual sampling
			rate is (4800 / rate_divisor) samples per second.
	1 byte:		Sinc filter order (3 or 4).
	1 byte:		Unused.

	1 byte:		Gain for ADC 1 (1 - 128, or 0 if ADC 1 is inactive).
	1 byte:		Flag bits for ADC 1:
				0x01 bit for buffered;
				0x02 bit for bipolar.
	2 bytes:	Gain and flags for ADC 2.
	2 bytes:	Gain and flags for ADC 3.
	2 bytes:	Gain and flags for ADC 4.

The voltage data following the header is divided into buffers, each
preceded by a byte containing the buffer's length.  A zero-length
buffer indicates the end of the data stream.  A buffer holds a
variable number of blocks, each of which is an array of 24-bit raw
values stored in little-endian byte order; there is one value in the
block for each active ADC.  The algorithm to convert one of these raw
values R to its corresponding voltage reading is:

	Set X := R / (2^24).
	If the ADC is in bipolar mode, set X := (2 * X) - 1.
	Voltage := X * Vref / G,

where G is the ADC's gain and Vref is the reference voltage (nominally
2500 mV, but the signal conditioning on the ADC-8 reduces input
voltages by about 2%, so a value of 2550 mV should be used).
