		ADC-8x driver (version 4h)

The driver program accepts the following commands (lowercase only):

*	Print the driver name and version number, along with the Feather
	and memory chip ID values.

b T	[This command is not meant for interactive use.]
	Begin continuous acquisition of data for T seconds (0 means
	continue indefinitely, limit is 100000).  After a confirmation
	message is printed, if all is well the driver sends a '+'
	character and the 16-byte structured binary header.  The
	header is followed by buffers containing the voltage data.
	Acquisition can be stopped early by sending any data
	(typically a newline character) over the USB serial link.  If
	an error prevents the acquisition from starting properly, the
	driver sends an invalid short header and no data.

c [N]	Print the current ADC board settings.  If N is omitted or 0, uses
	free-form text.  If N is 1, uses the following computer-friendly
	fixed text format (each line contains comma-separated values):

	Line 1:
		Sampling rate (Hz, floating point)
		DAC voltage (mV)
		EnVc setting (0/1)
		Vc=0V setting (0/1)
		x4 setting (0/1)

	Lines 2-9 (eight channels even when no daughterboard is present):
		Gain (1 - 128 or 0 for disabled)
		Polarity (1/2)
		Buffering (0/1)
		Damping Rd setting (0/1)

d [YYYY-MM-DD] [HH:MM:SS[±ZZZZ]]	Get/set the current date and/or
	time.  The first time this command is issued, both date and time
	must be specified.  The first two digits of YYYY may be omitted
	(assumed to lie between 2020 and 2119), as may the :SS field
	(assumed to be ":00") and the ±ZZZZ time-zone offset field.
	HH is in 24-hour format.

e N	Set the DAC output voltage to N mV.  The actual bias voltage
	will be N/2 mV.

f N	Turn the 50-µA current sources on (N is 1) or off (N is 0).
	The RdH LD4 LED is set correspondingly.

g C G P B	Set the gain and other properties for ADC channel C
	(1 - 8, or 0 to affect all the ADCs).  G is the gain (1, 8, 16,
	32, 64, 128, or 0 to disable the ADC).  P is the polarity:
	1 for unipolar (single-ended) or 2 for bipolar (differential).
	B is the buffer setting ('b' for buffered or 'u' for unbuffered).
	If B or both P and B is omitted their current settings remain
	unchanged.

i settings	Change the Rd damping impedance settings.  Each setting
	has the form S+ or S-, where S contains digits from 1 - 8 (for
	Rd1 - Rd8) or 0 (for all the Rd's), and S+ turns on the switches
	for all the channels listed in S while S- turns them all off.
	There can be multiple entries in S, and multiple settings in the
	command line.

l V1 V2 V4	Set the green LD1 LED to V1, the red LD2 LED to V2, and
	the green LD4 (RdH) LED to V4 (each 0 or 1).

m N	Measure and report the Rs signal resistances.  The LEDs on the
	front panel are turned off for two seconds, then the resistances
	are measured and reported.  The LEDs for channels with a sensor
	connected illuminate for five seconds (or until the pushbutton
	is pressed and released).  Then the LEDs for channels with high-
	resistanece sensors illuminate for five seconds, along with the
	RdH LED.  If N is 1 then channels not connected to a sensor are
	disabled, channels connected to a sensor are set to a gain of 128,
	and the damping resistor is enabled if the measured resistance is
	high.

	Pressing the pushbutton is equivalent to an "m0" command, and
	a double-press is equivalent to an "m1" command.

r	Reset all the ADCs and LEDs.

s R	Set the sampling rate for all the ADCs.  R is the rate in
	samples/second (4 - 4800); the number gets rounded up to a value
	the ADC supports.

t	Test the active ADCs by performing a single voltage reading.
	Also read the pushbutton state.

v B E	Set the Vc voltage to 0 V if B is 0, or to the Vc-bias value
	otherwise.  Disable the amplified Sensor Power output to J11
	if E is 0 and enable it otherwise.

x N	Enable (N is 1) or disable (N is 0) the extra on-board geophone
	input (J9 connector) for channel 4.

z N	Set the Boff (battery off) signal high (N is 1) or low (N is 0).
	Normally Boff is high.  Meant for testing.

The driver performs an "internal" calibration (both zero and full-scale)
on each active ADC before carrying out the b and t commands.

Data transfer: The structured binary header format is as follows:

	8 bytes:	Signature string "ADC8x-1.".
	2 bytes:	Rate_divisor (little-endian).  The actual sampling
			rate is (4800 / rate_divisor) samples per second.
	1 byte:		Sinc filter order (3 or 4).
	1 byte:		Unused.

	1 byte:		Gain for ADC 1 (1 - 128, or 0 if the ADC is inactive).
	1 byte:		Flag bits for ADC 1:
				0x01 bit for buffered;
				0x02 bit for bipolar.
	2 bytes:	Gain and flags for ADC 2.
	...
	2 bytes:	Gain and flags for ADC 8.

The voltage data following the header is divided into buffers, each
preceded by a byte containing the buffer's length.  A zero-length
buffer indicates the end of the data stream.  A buffer holds a
variable number of blocks, each of which is an array of 24-bit raw
values stored in little-endian byte order; there is one value in the
block for each active ADC.  The algorithm to convert one of these raw
values R to its corresponding voltage reading is:

	Set X := R / (2^24).
	If the ADC is in bipolar mode, set X := (2 * X) - 1.
	Voltage := X * Vref / G,

where G is the ADC's gain and Vref is the reference voltage (nominally
2500 mV, but the signal conditioning on the ADC-8 reduces input
voltages by about 2%, so a value of 2550 mV should be used).
